README.md, before:

# rogue2yaml
A Converter that serializes a Python Rogue object into a CPSW YAML file

Requirements:

Python:

    PyYAML
    Pyro4
    parse
    recordclass
    click

    Optional, but recommended:

        Python 3.6
        Miniconda (or Anaconda)

slaclab Clones:

    rogue (https://github.com/slaclab/rogue)
    cryo-det (https://github.com/slaclab/cryo-det)
    amc-carrier-core (https://github.com/slaclab/amc-carrier-core)


How to Use:

1. Modify the setup_rogue2yaml.sh file and update the path to rogue
2. Create the input/ directory at the same level as the rogue2yaml.py file
3. Create the output/ directory at the same level as input/
4. Run the command

    python rogue2yaml.py <pyrogue_dir_name> <pyrogue_class_file_dir_name>

   to start the conversions.
   
   Note that each Python Rogue file name must be the same as the class it contains. If not, the converter will attempt
   to adjust the capitalization of each character in the provided class name. If this also fails, the converter will
   proceed to the next Python file, and will output the unsuccessfully converted file name into the conversion failure
   list, at the summary.
   
   <pyrogue_dir_name>: The directory that contains all the pyrogue libraries
   <pyrogue_clss_file_dir_name>: The directory that contains all the Python files to be converted to YAML
   
   The output files will be in the output/ directory, keeping the same names except for the extension, which is now 
   ".yaml" 
 
   
5. Get the Converter's version:

    python rogue2yaml.py --version

6. Get the CPSW Schema version supported by the Converter:

    python rogue2yaml.py --cpsw-schema-version


Limitations:

For commands, the Converter only outputs the command names and their metadata. The command sequence (entries and
values) must be added manually.

As there could be indirect references and customized variables, the user is expected to review the output results,
and make any supplemental edits.

Commit message:

ENH: Handle already converted files and refactor the main() code. DOC: Update documentation.

README.md, after:

# rogue2yaml
A Converter that serializes a Python Rogue object into a CPSW YAML file

Requirements:

Python:

    PyYAML
    Pyro4
    parse
    recordclass
    click

    Optional, but recommended:

        Python 3.6
        Miniconda (or Anaconda)

slaclab Clones:

    rogue (https://github.com/slaclab/rogue)


How to Use:

1. Modify the setup_rogue2yaml.sh file and update the path to rogue
2. Create the input/ directory at the same level as the rogue2yaml.py file
3. Create the output/ directory at the same level as input/
4. Run the command

    python rogue2yaml.py <rogue_python_dir_path> <rogue_python_class_file_dir_path> [output_directory]

   to start the conversions.
   
   rogue_python_dir_path: The path to the entire Rogue Python library
   rogue_python_class_file_dir_path: The path to the collection of the Rogue Python files to be converted
   output_directory [optional]: The path to the directory where the CPSW YAML output files are to be saved. If not
   specified, the output files will be in the output/ sub-directory of the execution directory.
   
   Notes:
   
   1. Each Python Rogue file name must be the same as the class it contains. If not, the converter will attempt
      to adjust the capitalization of each character in the provided class name. If this also fails, the converter will
      proceed to the next Python file, and will output the unsuccessfully converted file name into the conversion failure
      list, at the summary.
   
   2. If a YAML file has already been output for the current Rogue Python file, the conversion for that file will be
      skipped, and the converter will move on to the next file in the Rogue Python file batch. If you want the skipped
      file to be re-converted, delete its YAML output file and run the converter again. The names of the skipped files
      will be provided in the summary.
      
   3. The output files will be in the output/ directory, keeping the same names except for the extension, which is now 
      ".yaml" 
    
5. Get the Converter's version:

    python rogue2yaml.py --version

6. Get the CPSW Schema version supported by the Converter:

    python rogue2yaml.py --cpsw-schema-version

Limitations:

For commands, the Converter only outputs the command names and their metadata. The command sequence (entries and
values) must be added manually.

As there could be indirect references and customized variables, the user is expected to review the output results,
and make any supplemental edits.
